SUITABLE UNITS DEFINIED

POPULATION DATA UNITS

There are 6 different types of population units, all types of units are below with their min values, max values and their expected values.

(1) Continent population units

Min value: 0

Max value: The sum of all populations of all countries within that continent.

Expected value: The calculated population should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

(2) Region population unit

Min value: 0

Max value: The sum of populations of all countries in the region.

Expected value: The calculated population should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

(3) Country population unit

Min value: 0

Max value: The populations of the largest country of the world.

Expected value: The calculated population should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

(4) City population unit

Min value: 0

Max value: The populations of the largest city in the world.

Expected value: The calculated population should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

(5) District population unit

Min value: 0

Max value: The populations of the largest district of the world.

Expected value: The calculated population should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

LANGUAGE DATA UNITS

There are 2 different types of language units, all types of units are below with their min values, max values, and their expected values.

(1) Language population units

Min value: 0

Max value: The total world population.

Expected value: The calculated number of language speakers should be within a reasonable margin of error compared to reputable sources.

(2) Language percentage unit

Min value: 0%

Max value: 100%

Expected value: Dependant on which language will affect the percentage.

REPORT GENERATION UNITS

There are 5 different types of language units, which are all below.

(1) Country report unit

Expected value: The generated report should contain accurate data, correct columns, and sorted by population in descending order.

(2) City report unit

Expected value: The generated report should contain accurate data, correct columns, and sorted by population in descending order.

(3) Capital City report unit

Expected value: The generated report should contain accurate data, correct columns, and sorted by population in descending order.

(4) Population report unit

Expected value: The generated report should contain accurate data, correct formatting, and realistic population values.

(5) Language report unit

Expected value The generated report should contain accurate data, sorted by the number of language speakers in descending order.

INPUT VALIDATION UNIT

There is only one type of input validation unit, the unit is below with its expected value.

(1) Input validation unit

Expected value: The system should display appropriate error messages for invalid inputs (e.g., negative population values, non-existent countries).

CUSTOMISED REPORT UNIT

There is only one type of customised report unit, the unit is below with its expected value.

(1) Top N report unit

Expected value: The generated report should contain accurate data, correct formatting, and realistic population values for the top N entries.

INTERGRATION TEST UNITS

There are 2 different types of integration test units, all types of units are below with their expected values.

(1) Data retrieval integration unit

Expected value: The integrated system should produce reports with consistent and accurate data.

(2) Report generation integration unit

Expected value: The integrated system should generate comprehensive reports seamlessly.

PERFORMANCE TEST UNIT

There is only one type of customised report unit, the unit is below with its expected value.

(1) Report generation performance unit

Expected value: Reports should be generated within acceptable time limits for varying dataset sizes, ensuring efficient processing.